z-3-call4contributions.md, before:

---
title: Call for Contributions
nav: true
---

## Call for Contributions: Workshop on Probabilistic Approaches in Weather and Climate Science (8-9 May, Kigali)


We are very excited to be hosting the first Workshop on Probabilistic Approaches in Weather and Climate Science at AIMS, in Kigali, on the 8th and 9th of May 2023. In fields, such as climate science, where the impact of inaccurate and untrustworthy predictions could be extreme, there is a need for probabilistic approaches that robustly quantify uncertainty. This workshop aims to bring together researchers across a range of disciplines who are interested in probabilistic machine learning methods to tackle pressing environmental issues. The workshop will provide an engaging forum for researchers to present and discuss their work, as well as the opportunity to hear from a number of illustrious keynote speakers working in the area.

We invite submissions of short abstracts (1 or 2 pages) for consideration as posters or short presentations during the workshop. Submissions that explore probabilistic methods in any area of weather and climate science are welcome. We reference a few areas of interest below:

-    Weather forecasting
-    Climate model emulation
-    Data assimilation
-    Extreme events
-    Constraining uncertainty in climate
-    Climate model ensembling
-    Hydrology
-    Clouds and aerosols
-    Air quality
-    Downscaling

[Submit here](https://forms.gle/CsT7GGnDQv6WAb2KA)

We particularly welcome submissions that focus on climate and weather related issues that affect lower and middle income countries.

This workshop will not publish proceedings, and previously published work is welcome.

If your abstract is accepted, we expect you to present your work in person at the event.

*Submission deadline: 1 March 2023*

*Acceptance notification: 8 March 2023*

Commit message:

added email for abstract submission if form not available, added logos and added them to index.md

z-3-call4contributions.md, after:

---
title: Call for Contributions
nav: true
---

## Call for Contributions: Workshop on Probabilistic Approaches in Weather and Climate Science (8-9 May, Kigali)


We are very excited to be hosting the first Workshop on Probabilistic Approaches in Weather and Climate Science at AIMS, in Kigali, on the 8th and 9th of May 2023. In fields, such as climate science, where the impact of inaccurate and untrustworthy predictions could be extreme, there is a need for probabilistic approaches that robustly quantify uncertainty. This workshop aims to bring together researchers across a range of disciplines who are interested in probabilistic machine learning methods to tackle pressing environmental issues. The workshop will provide an engaging forum for researchers to present and discuss their work, as well as the opportunity to hear from a number of illustrious keynote speakers working in the area.

We invite submissions of short abstracts (1 or 2 pages) for consideration as posters or short presentations during the workshop. Submissions that explore probabilistic methods in any area of weather and climate science are welcome. We reference a few areas of interest below:

-    Weather forecasting
-    Climate model emulation
-    Data assimilation
-    Extreme events
-    Constraining uncertainty in climate
-    Climate model ensembling
-    Hydrology
-    Clouds and aerosols
-    Air quality
-    Downscaling

[Submit here](https://forms.gle/CsT7GGnDQv6WAb2KA)

If you are unable to submit your abstract with the Google form, please email your abstract to climateworkshop23@gmail.com. 

We particularly welcome submissions that focus on climate and weather related issues that affect lower and middle income countries.

This workshop will not publish proceedings, and previously published work is welcome.

If your abstract is accepted, we expect you to present your work in person at the event.

*Submission deadline: 1 March 2023*

*Acceptance notification: 8 March 2023*
